Update ubuntu.md (#11299)
docker/docker.github.io: engine/install/ubuntu.md

It's OK if `apt-get` reports that none of these packages are installed.

The contents of `/var/lib/docker/`, including images, containers, volumes, and
networks, are preserved. If you do not need to save your existing data, and want to
start with a clean installation, refer to the [uninstall Docker Engine](#uninstall-docker-engine)
section at the bottom of this page.

> 
> The Docker Engine package is now called `docker-ce`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

It's OK if `apt-get` reports that none of these packages are installed.

The contents of `/var/lib/docker/`, including images, containers, volumes, and

> networks, are preserved. If you do not need to save anything or you want to
> start with a clean installation, it is safe to remove this directory with the
> command:
> 
> ```bash
> $ sudo rm -rf /var/lib/docker
> ```

Reviewer: So, while I think it's correct, I'm a bit concerned about adding  this example in this section. This section is for situations where people are upgrading from either very old versions of docker, or if they previously had a distro-packaged version of docker installed.

My concern is that, while users _should_ read carefully, it's also easy to overlook why this line is here, and blindly copy/paste it to their terminal and end up with all (possibly important) data gone.

Perhaps instead refer them to the "uninstall docker" section if they want to do a clean install; https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/#uninstall-docker-engine

```suggestion
networks, are preserved. If you do not need to save your existing data, and want to
start with a clean installation, refer to the [uninstall Docker Engine](#uninstall-docker-engine)
section at the bottom of this page.
```

WDYT?

Author: I agree, it's potentially dangerous.

Your suggested edit is good.

> The Docker Engine package is now called `docker-ce`.

Reviewer: This feels a bit out of place now as a separate line, perhaps it should be removed altogether 🤔

Author: Yes, I thought so, too.  However, I didn't want to remove it, and wasn't sure where a better place for it would be.  I'm just getting up to speed on docker, so...

Author: @thaJeztah Do you want this line removed?

Reviewer: Oh, sorry for the delay, yes, I think we could as well remove this line
